DOCS-1822-Add-Helm-mcm (#976)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/release-notes/index.mdx

For more information, see [Configure federated endpoint identity and services](../multicluster/federation/kubeconfig).

> ### Helm install and upgrade for multi-cluster management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Helm installation and upgrade for multi-cluster deployments
```
A suggestion, take or leave

Author: Took part of it.

> Adds Helm install and upgrade for {{prodname}} multi-cluster management. As a de facto standard for deploying software in Kubernetes, Helm provides deployment automation in tools like Gitlab.

Reviewer: The second sentence reads a bit sales-y. Perhaps something like:

We've added the option to use Helm to install and upgrade {{prodname}} in multi-cluster settings.
With Helm, your DevOps teams can automate these complex deployments more easily.

Author: Fixed.
